- Ali's real first name
is Cassius.
- Is George.
- No, that's Foreman.
- Oh.
- Go on and get up there.
I'm paying this guy.
- I don't want him to...
Oh, for. goodness sakes.
Breakfast is served.
More grass.
I feel like a cow.
That stuff is
state-of-the-art.
That nutritionist
does all of NASA.
- Next, you'll be
launching me into space.
- Jeanie, make sure
she drinks that whole
thing, will you?
Put a wine spritzer
in if you have to.
- Make it gin, and it's a deal.
Ah! Don't touch me!
I've asked you to do nothing...
- How's she doin'?
- Are you kiddin'?
She's about to get felt up
by a guy half her age.
She's thrilled.
What?
What's wrong with you?
I just told him
the good news.
First-round playoff
tickets went on sale.
Sold out in a day.
That's a half a million dollars.
- That's great.
- If we were playing
in the first round.
Seattle lost.
We clinched a bye.
That's two fewer home games.
And that's a half
a million dollars in refunds.
Plus what we would
have made in concessions.
- So we lose money by winning.
- Welcome to the NBA.
Is there any chance we're
still gonna break even?
If we make the finals
with an extended series,
we'll get close.
Anything less than that...
She'll be working for
the Great Western Bank.
Meanwhile, I know
it's lousy timing,
but I need some more help.
- Marketing, PR,
another full-time hire.
- Yeah, sure.
Sure. Why not two, huh?
It's just a little bit
more money that
we don't got in the first place.
- Huh? Go crazy.
- I'm thinking Jeanie.
- Who?
- I'ma get that.
You two, uh, têtê-à-têtê.
You mean my Jeanie?
- I know she's got lots going on.
- She's taking care of my mother.
Right. Which is
a top priority, of course.
Claire, it's the only priority.
Look, if she's spreading
herself too thin at the office,
- she doesn't have to go there.
- It's the opposite.
She's invaluable.
Even with everything going on.
I don't know how she does it,
to be honest.
But this thing that we've built?
It's her as much as anybody.
Probably more. And she has...
- earned this opportunity.
- Don't mind me. I'm just...
- Sneaking up on me?
- No, sir.
I'm glad she's been useful,
but we need her here,
so get somebody else.
- Ay, marone.
Fuck. Jerry?
What, Francis?
More good news?
McKinney.
What happened with the test?
The doctor didn't
clear him to coach?
Worse. He did.
And now Jack's saying
he's ready to come back
and coach the playoffs,
so long as you dump Westhead.
("My Favorite Mutiny"
by The Coup playing
We've got McKinney's players
running McKinney's strategy
in McKinney's style.
All it's missing is McKinney.
A few weeks ago,
Jack McKinney
didn't have a skull.
Jerry, I wouldn't trust
him to park my car.
Stick with the horse what
brung you. That's Westhead.
- McKinney. He's the brains
behind it all.
- Brains mean shit
if he just spilled the best
part on the pavement.
He's never even
coached a playoff game.
We don't even know if Jack
can process solid food.
We know that Paul's
still eating Gerber's.
Westhead. McKinney. Westhead.
McKinney. Westhead. McKinney...
Alright already.
He's heard enough. Dr. Buss?
What do you think?
Playoffs are starting in a week.
Who's it gonna be?
I think we ought to sleep on it.
No! N-no! No,
you do not fuckin' dump that
turd on my fuckin' doorstep.
I'm not asking you
to come back, Jerry.
- I'm just asking for your
opinion, mano a mano.
- Oh, yeah, right.
And then what, huh?
It's on fuckin' me.
It's on my fuckin' conscience
when whomever I choose
craps the fuckin' bed.
I know. Fuck that!
Fuck that and fuck you!
- Jerry, look at me...
- No, I'm not-- Fuck, no.
Look at me.
I'm gonna tell you something
I don't tell many people.
I am in over my head.
I bought this thing,
and I own this thing,
and I love this thing.
But you are this thing.
So, you...
You want-- You wanna
know what I would do?
Fuck no. Beg somebody else.
Believe me,
I've asked everybody.
Hell, I'm about to
call a damn priest.
No! Don't fuckin'--
don't do that.
No, fuckin' chances are
he's rooting for
the fuckin' Celtics.
So help me out here.
Westhead or McKinney?
No one has to know
it came from you.
I just can't fuck this up.
Let me sleep on it.
Shit...
Nice playoff suit,
but I think, ha,
they wear this one
- with pants in Italy.
- Yeah, I just hope I get
to wear the fuckin' thing.
You're going to wear it
in the playoffs.
As long as I'm not
watching on TV.
Jack's pushing hard.
The doctors cleared him.
Now, it's back in Buss' court.
Then, Buss'll judge it
fair and square.
He likes Jack.
He hired the guy.
Yeah, but that was before you
and Paul delivered 50 wins.
What if this whole thing has
just been a giant fuckin' tease?
Well then, at least you know
that the suit fits.
Worst comes to worst,
you can wear it next year
in Cleveland or wherever.
And I'll fly out once in a while
and admire it
without the pants on.
What's our mantra?
Function forward.
Control what we can.
Yes.
Christ, Chris,
if they fucking dump us
after everything that we--
Then they deserve what they get!
The last thing anyone
should do right now
is mess with chemistry.
- Alright, guys.
Let's get it on its feet.
We got a week till playoffs.
Come on. No lazing around.
Let's go.
Come on, Wood.
Let's get some shots up.
Wood?
Alright, come on, man.
I know you fucking with me.
Come on.
- Come here.
- Wood.
- Hey, Wood? Wood! Wood!
The fuck y'all doing?
Get the fuck off me.
Your eyes was open
like you was
- a dead man or somethin'!
- So?
It's called meditating,
motherfucker!
Keep your eyes off me,
motherfucker.
Pretty angry for a guy
who's meditating.
Fuck.
Fuck...
Hey, Wood.
What--
The fuck you looking at?
Nothin', man.
Are you looking for these?
You were out there already,
so I borrowed 'em.
- You what?
- It's just your tape
and your cutters.
- Took them out of your bag--
- Fuck you borrowing my shit
without asking my shit!
- Jesus Christ! I'm sorry, man!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
- Relax, man!
- Get the fuck off me, rook!
You want some of this shit, too?
Huh?
- What you want?! Bring it!
- Fuck, relax!
- Hold it!
- No! You ain't see
what happen, Cap!
- This punk-ass rootin'
around in my shit!
- Cheryl spoke to Iman.
You lied to me.
It's you.
You're on that shit again!
I fucked up, Cap.
I did. A few times, I said it.
I fucked up a few times--
I'm telling you, when
the monkey on your back--
Stop!
Do you want this, Spence?
This!
Because I do.
More than anything
in a long time.
Maybe my whole career.
I do. I swear to you, I do.
I want the ring.
I want to be able to give
this to my baby girl.
Then cut it out.
Right now!
- Cold turkey.
- I can. I will.
I got this.
One shot.
I ain't gonna let you down!
Kareem in the post,
shakes one, two defenders.
And look at Spencer Haywood!
Unbelievable.
Look at him clear space
for the big fella.
Folks, I'll tell you,
where would the Lakers be
without the hustle
and physicality
of one Spencer Haywood?
A lot of happy Lakers here,
and they should be.
Just clinched the top seed
in the West,
with two more games
to go until the playoffs.
Doc, let me get you a refill.
And, gals, if you don't
mind waiting outside here,
we'll be right out. Uh,
there's magazines and candies
in the drawer there,
- so, you know...
- Look at that!
knock yourself out.
Doc, I'm so glad
you could come out.
Nice little victory
for you, too.
- You see that?
- Not bad at all.
Listen, I know my mom must be
putting you through the ringer,
but it's not gonna be
much longer.
That new stuff we got her
guzzling down?
State-of-the-art.
Did you know
that not a single
NASA astronaut
has died of natural causes?
- I did not.
- That's a fact.
What are you drinking?
Chivas?
- I-I saw her lab results.
Oh. Okay. Well,
gonna get right into it.
What's the good news?
How's it looking?
It's worse.
Well, she just started
that new protocol.
She's in the end game, Jerry.
And all the signs are pointing
in the same direction.
Don't misinterpret.
I'm not saying
your experimental treatments
are to blame. They're not.
It's just...
a case like hers,
certain outcomes are...
What?
Inevitable.
I know that can be hard to hear.
I don't like saying it,
but I have seen too many people
waste too much precious time
tilting at windmills.
And when the curtain closes,
all they're left with is regret.
My advice, friend to friend,
enjoy your mother
while you have her.
Say the things you wish you had.
That is your fucking attitude?
- Jerry--
- Don't you "Jerry" me.
No, no, don't you "Jerry" me.
It's Dr. Buss,
as in the guy who just built
your hospital a fucking wing!
- For which the board
is very grateful.
- You guys are unbelievable.
I let you in my club,
you feel up my girls,
and now, you're gonna
hand me this plate of shit!
- Look, I can't change
the science, Dr. Buss.
- Science?
I am a fucking scientist.
Roger Bannister.
Now, there's a scientist!
The Wright Brothers!
Those are scientists!
Not you, pal!
You're Doctor Fucking No!
If it was up to you,
planes wouldn't fly!
They'd fucking crash and burn!
And nobody'd be running
a four-minute mile
'cause you'd be telling
them it's impossible!
You're Dr. Fucking No!
And you're standing in
a house that yes built!
So, let me tell you something!
- You can take that no-can-do...
and get the fuck out!
Fuck. What the fuck
are you lookin' at?!
Yeah. Can you go get
Cookie? It's Earvin.
She's not here. I guess
she's at class or something.
Which you mean ain't there?
Cookie ain't got no class today.
Just tell her Rhonda
lost the baby,
and I got proof anyway
it wasn't mine.
I'll be sure to let
her know you called.
- You do that.
It's always been you and me.
Hasn't it?
Against all comers.
Tuesday's the home opener.
I'm gonna send
Jeanie with the car.
-  I wouldn't miss it.
- Love you, Ma.
- Love you.
Lame. Lame! Tell her!
- What?
- That she's being
a fucking idiot.
That's more something
you would say, Linda.
I'm being serious.
This is your job
and it's in the classifieds.
I already told you,
this isn't my job.
- That's full-time.
- So are you.
Why? Just because you
don't get paid for it?
You need to talk to him.
You need to tell him you
deserve this, or you watch.
We'll have 60 people
lining up here Monday morning,
waiting to take
what should be yours,
and every one of them
dumber than Lon.
It's not necessary to
say things like that.
No. He needs me at home.
I'm helping Grandma.
If he thought I should
have taken the job,
- he would have said so.
- Bullshit. Tell her.
It kind of is.
Jean-bean! There you are!
Come on.
We're going on a mission.
We're gonna kidnap Grandma.
Let's go.
- Come on! Let's go! Giddy-up!
Right now! Grab your stuff.
I'll be back.
I just wanna see
what it's about.
This is insane.
Oh, hogwash. This place
is easier to break into
than a French girl's panties.
We used to come here
every summer.
- Practically
own the place.
Mary Pickford would hit
the Riviera, and we'd pop in
- for a picnic by the pool.
- We're all going
to end up in jail.
Only if we let him
do the picking.
Come on, let an expert
go to work.
Goodness sakes,
you've been rich too long.
- You forgot how to be useful.
- I learned how
to pay for things.
Well, once you blow your
wad on basketball, what then?
Get over here, missy.
You need to learn this.
Girl needs something
to fall back on
- when boys can't hold their own.
- Oh!
- Wow!
- You still got it.
- Home again, home again,
- jiggety-jig.
- I don't feel
good about this.
- Oh. Come on, baby.
Hush up, hush up.
He loved this pool so much
that he would drop his drawers
before we even got
the gate open!
And then, he would take off
across the lawn,
trying to beat the Rottweilers
who were chasing
his little ding-a-ling
the whole way, like a...
- ...rabbit at the track!
You see that? One false move,
and then you wouldn't
be here!
It was really scary.
- Man, you two had a lot of fun.
- Mm, yeah.
Being poor is a blast
until it's time to eat.
Oh, we ate just fine.
When he didn't tip the grift.
He had this, this...
uh, this left eyebrow of his
that just twitched like crazy
whenever he was bluffing.
He had no,
no poker face whatsoever.
You should know that.
Giving away all my secrets.
Well, I never played, so...
What?
What kind of father are you?
A good one that doesn't teach
his children how to gamble!
Wait,
you have never taught her
to play a single hand of cards?
Only Monopoly.
- You know what? You just
didn't wanna lose your shirt.
- Yeah.
Buss women,
we have cards in the blood.
- I should point out
that it was you that
stopped playing with me.
Breaks my heart to see you cry.
- Right.
Well, Dad, I mean, don't you
have a deck with you?
Huh?
Alright, well...
are you chicken?
- Them's fighting words, kiddo!
- I got 'em right here!
Oh no, no, no.
I love playing cards
with people
that don't know how to play.
Trust me.
No, I think you're afraid.
- Come on, deal 'em out.
- What do you want?
- Play Texas Hold 'Em.
- Okay, Texas Hold 'Em.
You got it.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
I want to cut those.
He's proud of you.
I know.
No, you don't know
because he's lousy
at showing it.
He learned that from his mother.
But, he is.
There's this job.
And I know I can do it.
I know I'd be great at it.
I want it.
What are you waiting for?
Well, he just needs my
help right now with, um...
Me.
Wow.
I don't think you'll have
to wait too long.
Don't talk like that, okay?
Don't let him make excuses.
I have given
my whole life to men.
Fathers, husbands, sons.
Has its upsides.
It's hard to be out there
all on your own.
I fell on my ass a few times.
I gave up.
But, you're better than me.
You're a good girl, Jeanie.
Don't be too good.
Okay then. I just want to thank
you for taking the time, Jack.
All I have to give these days.
Until you give
my whistle back to me.
It's not my call.
- Just lending a hand.
- But, uh...
You, you will be having
a word with Buss?
I'm telling you
I'm ready, Jerry.
Ready for the playoffs.
Oh, I'll be putting
a four-letter one, or two.
You can count on that shit.
I know I'm supposed
to be fucking retired,
but he's got me out here
untangling his fucking knots.
Hm...
You remember the way out,
don't you?
Oh, you bet.
Uh, I didn't get hit
on the head that hard.
Thanks, Jerry,
I'll see you soon.
He'll be putting in a word.
Goddamn it, Jack. You pushed.
You pushed too hard.
Uh, excuse me, sir?
Oh...
You alright there, Coach?
Uh, where am I? Uh...
I got turned around.
I-- Uh, where's the exit?
It's right there, man.
R-right.
Hm.
Sure you don't want
some hair of the dog?
- That might go down well.
Good morning.
- Where's all my money at?
Some night.
Yeah, just like
old times.
Yep.
You still...
pass out first.
Well,
Mr. Seagram's
had his way with me.
Oh. You two...
go back without me.
I'll just... die here
- and haunt the place.
How about you
live here instead?
You know, the offer stands.
I can get this place
on the cheap.
You have a habit of
following your heart.
- And you hate that about me.
Just jealous maybe.
Come here.
Hm.
Oh...
I remember...
the smile...
you had on your face...
first time we broke
into this place.
And you laid back
on the nice green grass...
felt the California sun...
I haven't seen that smile.
Not for a very long time.
Well, you stick around
to see us win this thing,
you can see it then.
You promise?
Jean-bean.
- Good morning.
- You ready?
Because, you know, if my boss
finds out that I was arrested,
I think I might get fired.
Alright.
Come on, Mom. Let's go.
Ma. Is she sleeping?
Ma, we gotta go.
Ma?
Hey. Hey, Ma?
Oh no. Shit.
Sh-- Ma?
- Dad?
- Ma, can you hear me?
- Get my-- Get the keys out
of my jacket. Start the car!
- Okay!
Ma, can you hear me?!
Ma?
Oh fuck, come on!
Got your fucking pros,
got cons, fucking coaches.
You get shit-store Shakespeare
on the one hand,
and a limping fucking
Napoleon on the other.
Fuck am I supposed
to do with that?
Fuck.
He can't really be
thinking about
giving the team
back to McKinney.
Fucking ridiculous.
Maurice found him
sitting on his ass
like some fucking kid
who lost his mommy.
Yeah.
I noticed it with his
memory back in Philly.
I just figured
he was better now.
Well, he's not.
Not by a long shot.
And if we don't speak up,
he'll be having a conniption
in the finals.
On the sidelines with our team.
Well, I can't.
Why not?
Because my best friend
in the world
may never talk to me again.
But at least...
right now, I can still
look into the mirror
and know that all we
ever did was do our job.
That's what this is.
Our job.
This squad.
The guys who work
their hearts out.
This is their life, too.
I'll do it.
I tell West what happened.
What he does with it,
that's up to him.
Hands clean. Hm?
- Pat... Pat.
Fuck.
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck.
- Well, I can't.
- Thank God.
- We did everything right.
That ought to be enough.
- We did.
- It should be.
- I mean, if they're
too fucking blind
to see it, fuck 'em.
Fuck West, fuck Buss.
Fuck 'em all.
Fuck me.
It's looking like
a hemorrhagic stroke.
We've got her on medication
to slow the bleeding
and to relieve pressure
on her brain, but,
right now, the machines
are breathing for her.
What can we do?
Keep her comfortable.
As long as you decide.
I wouldn't miss--
Come on. Let's sit down.
Last game of the regular
season for these Lakers,
and, right now,
everything is gravy.
A win tonight locks in
the top seed in the West
as they head into
their playoff run.
- Jerry.
- Bill.
You hear about
the boss' mother?
Some fuckin' timing.
Well, thanks for helping
with the big decision.
You look good in
the front office.
Might consider that.
Feels more like I'm sitting
in a hangman's chair.
Winner gets a shot at the title.
Loser gets the pain in the neck.
What the fuck are we
doing this for, Bill, really?
You know, I graduated
high school on a Monday,
married my sweetheart
on Tuesday,
and I shipped out to
the Navy on Wednesday night.
Spent the next two years
on a boat in the Pacific.
And once a week,
the Armed Forces Network
would put a... a game on.
One game.
You know, baseball,
basketball, jai alai.
It didn't matter.
We'd all crowd
into the barracks.
Just a bunch of kids,
playing hide-and-seek
with death.
I used to wonder, you know,
in the face of all that...
how any of us can think
about a fucking game.
It's a good question.
But then, it hit me.
How can you not?
- Yeah?
How is she?
Oh, I'm, I'm sorry, Jerry.
Yeah. It's alright.
Come on in.
Appreciate you coming by.
I brought you these.
- You know, it's...
It's not a good time,
I can always come back and...
Well, that depends.
Are they gonna
postpone the playoffs?
Probably not, no.
So, there's no time
like the present.
Who is my coach, Jerry?
Well, I thought about it.
I did. I spoke to
everyone involved,
and I feel strongly that...
I'm damn lucky I'm not you.
- No. There is no
right answer here.
There's no wrong one either,
and you could be a hero or heel.
I'll be fucking damned
if I or anyone else
can fault you on that.
Whichever way you go.
And you can quote me on that.
When did I become
the executioner?
Don't I have employees for that?
Well, if it's any
consolation, you'll, uh,
you'll be giving one of
these two the gift of life.
Unless, of course,
they crap out and lose it
to the fucking Celtics,
in which case,
- I'll kill him myself.
- Come on, Jerry.
- You're not even
gonna give me a hint?
- Oh...
I know you're
thinking something!
What got you this far?
Yeah, you're richer than I am.
You must have a gut.
An instinct. Huh?
- I followed my heart.
- There you go.
Which way is it
beating this time?
- Jack?
- What?
- Where do we live?
- Huh?
I said, where do we live?
Our address.
Or do you forget?
We lived here about half a year.
You need a hint?
I found this in your pocket.
It's a phone book page.
- Fucking phone book page.
- I-I went for a jog--
- Because you can't
remember where we live.
- I got turned around
- because this goddamn town
doesn't make any sense.
- You can't remember...
Are you really going
through my goddamn pockets,
now, Cranny?
You're not even gonna tell me.
You're pushing it too hard!
- I'm not stepping back,
Cranny. Not now.
- Jack...
I'm too young to spend
the rest of my life
wiping dribble off your chin!
I think you like me being sick.
- I think you liked me needing
you for once, an invalid.
- For once?
Let me do my work!
Get out, just let me do my--
Who packed the boxes?
Every time you get a job,
who has to tell the boys
and break their hearts
while Daddy gets
to stay the hero? Huh?
- Cranny...
- I sat up
every night in that hospital,
so I could pound your chest
every time your
heart stopped beating.
I did that.
Yeah, I did that!
And I didn't do it for
the fucking LA Lakers!
For once! Fucking idiot.
- Cranny...
Can I help you?
Special delivery
for Jack McKinney.
Cranny!
Can you come sign
for this, please?
- Sorry. Hang on just a sec.
- Jack...
- She'll be right here.
Cranny!
Can you sign for this guy?
Dr. Buss.
This guy,
acting like he don't
recognize me.
Always messing around.
What a kidder.
- Here, I'll get us some glasses.
Oh no, no. That's for you two.
You drink in good health.
I got to run.
I just came by to drop that off.
But, give my girl a call,
come by in the morning,
and we'll sit down, we'll...
work out this whole thing.
You know?
You're looking good, Jack!
Good to see you.
No bike ridin'!
Fuck.
It's the right call.
Shut the blinds in there.
Fuck. Bill's in there.
They're going with McKinney.
I fucking knew it.
- Okay.
- Fuck.
- What? What? What?
- Hey.
- Man...
Can you get us to
the Promised Land?
Of course, yeah.
If there's no, uh,
bad blood with Jack,
- we can stay on
and help him out.
- No.
Not with Jack.
We got it.
- We got it.
Yes.
Absolutely.
Don't fuck it up.
Nixon blazing down the court
looking for an open man,
and there it is,
the lob to Cooper.
Shazam!
Just beautiful.
Lakers besting the Suns
in this best of seven
and it's been
all Lakers so far, kids.
Lakers on the run.
Magic, beautiful pass
to Nixon! Oh my!
Oh, showtime, folks!
To Cooper. Slam dunk!
Just gorgeous.
Remarkable passing
by the Lakers.
Ha, ha!
And the Lakers ran away
with this conference semi,
a rematch with Seattle
the only thing
standing in their way
for a trip to the NBA finals.
Love you.
Bye-bye. Love you!
God, she is pretty.
... Spencer.
Magic passes to Kareem.
He's pivoting,
looking for an opening.
Gets some help from
Haywood with a pick.
And he lays it in.
Snug as a bug in a rug.
And the Los Angeles Lakers
now moments away
from avenging their
playoff loss last year
against the SuperSonics.
Boy, the fans here
can taste victory,
and it sure tastes sweet.
Seven! Six!
Five! Four!
Three! Two! One!
-  And it's all over,
folks!
Your Los Angeles Lakers
are the new
Western Conference Champs,
behind 38 points by
the captain, Kareem.
Now, all they have
to do is sit back
and wait for a date
with the doctor.
All we care about is that
the boys in Forum Blue
will be there,
and look at 'em celebrating.
Boy, they sure have earned it.
You made me believe, baby.
You made me believe.
And look at Magic out there,
smile shining
like the North Star,
and Dr. Buss,
our other rookie,
must be somewhere
beaming just as bright.
There it is. Philly puts
this one over the top.
And folks dreaming
of a Boston-LA finals
will have to wait another year.
- The 76ers have...
Here we go, fellas.
Philly it is.
Man, I wanted Boston.
Then you a dumbass.
...right here on CBS.
The Celtics have
the best record
of any team
in the league...
Same time next year, asshole.
You know it.
And young Larry Bird may be
disappointed by the outcome,
but after watching his
performance in this series,
he gets my vote
for Rookie of the Year.
Bird led scoring
through the playoffs...
We win it all,
you'll get your due.
...far beyond his age.
Hey, Cap?
We got a situation.
Spence?
- What happened to you?
What's the matter?
I fucked up...
Just... I fucked up, Cap...
I'm sorry...
I fucked up...
Okay. It's okay...
I'm sorry...
- Aw, fuck.
Goddammit, man.
Man, I can't watch this shit.
There's an institute
in Arizona.
They specialize in something
called aversion therapy.
Spencer would admit
himself after the season.
He's promised me he'll
keep clean through the finals.
If you let him stay.
Look, he's our one true four.
Alright, if we lose him,
that's gonna put a whole
lot on Cap down low.
We gonna need him
in the paint.
Them Twin Towers they got,
Dawkins, Jones.
- Leave them to Chones.
The brother has a problem.
Can't just throw
him to the wolves.
Maybe somebody can just
keep an eye on him.
This is the pros,
not daycare.
Look, Wood's only problem
is that he's a selfish
motherfucker.
All that African brother
Hotep bullshit?
Look, bottom line,
dude's not strong.
He's weak.
And if we let this
motherfucker stay on the team,
then the rest of us
is weak, too.
And you, Buck?
I wanna win a ring.
That's what matters to me.
And I feel bad for dude
if he ain't ready
for what's coming.
But, great man told me winning
in this league takes being hard.
Listen.
He's your teammate.
So, this is a team call.
Let's put it to a vote.
All for cutting Spencer.
Mm-hmm.
All opposed.
White folk still white folking?
I just left.
Hm...
You ever been to Mississippi?
- Never.
- No?
I came up there.
Family of field hands.
They call it sharecropping,
but if there's a difference
between it and slavery,
I ain't see it.
I was born in a barn,
on the same dirt...
as the pigs and chickens.
The only thing that separated
us from them was...
these right here.
Extra bone in each finger.
My Auntie Harriet
seen 'em and went, "Wow."
Touching them, said, uh,
"That boy is blessed.
That boy gonna do some...
That boy gonna do
some great things."
But, along come...
old man Quinn. Field boss.
High yellow nigga.
Quick sight, you'd
think he a-a cracker.
But, he worse than one of 'em.
Used to whistle with
his pinkies in his mouth.
And just like that,
our backs was bent.
Shit, I think
the first real sound
I ever heard was a whistle.
So, he seen my mama
and my auntie
fussing over this
little newborn child
with these fancy little
hands, and took to him.
He knew better.
"Hoo, that boy got
some long fingers!
"Oo-hoo-hoo-wee!
"He gonna make a special...
cotton picker."
Hm.
My mama used to
tell us that story.
Without-- Without
skipping a breath, say,
"God love us."
Now, it took me...
some years
to muster up
the gumption to ask...
"Why...
"are we on the bottom then?
"Everywhere you see
a brown face,
"you see tears on it.
If He love us so damn much,
then why?"
And you know what she said?
"God loves them more."
Yeah, I don't know if
it's-- if there's a God,
I don't know.
But I do know there's a them.
Same ones in that room
right now, deciding my fate!
So, I guess I'll just
wait for the whistle.
This time,
they left it up to us.
The team already voted on it.
Damn!
Damn! Damn it. Damn!
You did your best.
I appreciate it, Cap.
I was the deciding vote.
There we go.
- There we go.
- Is that
what I think it is?
Oh hey, Cap.
Been practicing your skyhook.
Way I figure, be seeing
more time in the post
against Philly,
so better have a go-to.
That is not a skyhook.
- Ain't that bad.
Well, why ain't
you show me then?
- Skyhook isn't just
any other shot.
To master it,
a player needs to comprehend
a very important principle.
And what principle is that?
Isolation. Come over here
and play a little defense.
See, when you're the big man,
everybody wants a piece of you.
The skyhook shuts them out.
It turns your body into a wall,
beyond which they can't reach
or even see your face,
which means
they can't predict you.
So, on your own time,
when you're good and ready,
you can leave
their world behind.
You leave the world?
You elevate above it.
Until you're completely
and totally...
- ...alone.
And all they get
to do is watch.
Damn, Cap.
You some kind of poet
or somethin'.
That shit deep.
Alright, let's work on it.
I can't have you fucking up
my shot on the world stage.
Come on, get that
arm up straight,
like the Statue of Liberty.
It's the most elegant finish
in all of sports.
Right on.
- Hey! Sprinkles!
Hey!
- Yeah, that's right.
Wood, Wood, Wood.
What the fuck, brother?
Congrats on the Finals, man.
Time to get that shiny ring, eh?
You still got that magnum?
Oh, man, I got...
I got lots of guns.
I got a bazooka.
I don't care what you use,
as long as it works.
Sure, man. Yeah, right on.
Love to do that for a friend.
You just say the word.
Who do you want me to kill?
The Lakers.